Do editorial review on configure KoP doc (#589)
streamnative/kop: docs/configuration.md

## Network

| Name              | Description                                                  | Default |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| maxQueuedRequests | Limit the queue size for request, like `queued.max.requests` in Kafka server. | 500     |
| requestTimeoutMs  | Limit the timeout in milliseconds for request, like `request.timeout.ms` in Kafka client.<br>If a request was not processed in the timeout, KoP would return an error response to client. | 30000   |

> **NOTE**
> 
> These limits are based on each connection.

## Prometheus

| Name                                     | Description                                                  | Default |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |

> | kopPrometheusStatsLatencyRolloverSeconds | Kop metrics exposed toPprometheus rollover latency in seconds. | 60      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| kopPrometheusStatsLatencyRolloverSeconds | Kop metrics exposed to Prometheus rollover latency in seconds. | 60      |
```

Did you just only want to change `expose` to `exposed`? I think `prometheus` or `Prometheus` is both okay.

Author: Updated to exposed to prometheus rollover....PTAL

|offsetsTopicNumPartitions| The number of partitions for the offsets topic.  |50|

## Transaction

This section lists configurations about the transaction.

| Name                         | Description                                        | Default |
| ---------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| enableTransactionCoordinator | Whether to enable transaction coordinator.          | false   |
| brokerId                     | The broker ID that is used to create the producer ID.  | 1       |
| txnLogTopicNumPartitions     | the number of partitions for the transaction log topic. | 50      |

## Authentication

This section lists configurations about the authentication.

| Name                                 | Description                                                  | Range                 | Default |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------- | ------- |
| saslAllowedMechanisms                | A set of supported SASL mechanisms exposed by the broker.     | PLAIN,<br>OAUTHBEARER |         |

> | kopOauth2AuthenticateCallbackHandler | The fully qualified name of an SASL server callback handler class that implements the <br>AuthenticateCallbackHandler interface, which is used for OAuth2 authentication. <br>If it is not set, the class will be Kafka's default server callback handler for <br>OAUTHBEARER mechanism: OAuthBearerUnsecuredValidatorCallbackHandler. |                       |         |

Reviewer: Why is `an` SASL server?

Author: updated to a SASL, PTAL
